Life in the future by Tony Smith.
What will life be like in the future?
How will things change?
Here are some ideas.
Which ones will come true?
A.
In the future, a change of weather won't mean a change of clothes.
We'll wear a new kind of clothes.
There'll be warm when we're cold and cool when we're hot.
B.
There'll be no more light rain and cold wind in spring.
The weather will be quite warm or even hot all year with heavy rain and wind.
The sea level will rise as well.
Sea.
We won't travel by bus or by anymore.
Every family will have a small plane.
No more expensive cars.
It'll be cheap to travel everywhere by plane.
Not only overland, but also over the sea or even into space.
Maybe there'll be traffic jams in the air.
D.
Do you like long holidays?
Well, you're going to like the future.
Because machines and robots will do all the heavy and difficult jobs.
And we'll only do light and easy work.
Working hours will be short, so people will have long holidays.